And the next section we're going to be building.
It's going to be in numbers section.
And like I said in one of the previous projects first we included just numbers and I can see that we
have the scroll right now.
We haven't really customized it you can see that all of them are moving the same pace but obviously
you'll be able to see how we can actually change that.
So once I refresh here right you can see that it starts counting from 1.
And in this section we're going to go a little bit differently right.
We can actually start with a plug.
So here you can see that this is going to be numb scroller Plug-In.
So we click over here and it says all in numskulls right here.
This is all it says All right.
So here it says we need Jeg worry.
And here we need the actual number scroller more like this.
And then over here actually has the span of all to actually work.
All right.
So now what we would need to do is actually first downloaded right here and see that we have a mode
here.
This is going to read to get hammered and then clone get down on zip.
Are you doing this.
And just remember numbskull one point.
And as we're on this now we're opening it up.
Right.
So this is going to be a scroller.
We open it up and we're here now scroll one point.
Yes.
So what I'm going to do over here is going to copy this guy over here and we're going to minimize this
for now.
And we can minimize this one and if we go back to our fast banana and we're going to paste an item right
now what I'm going to do over here in my hand he is now underneath a magnifique pop up.
What I'm going to say or when this is going to be scroller I'm scroller now for that scroll really don't
need any kind of code and we're not going to be writing anything so the only thing we need to script
or the source or hear from the source told him say score on this.
Now that number scroller is actually included.
Let's go back over here and let's check it out what they're asking right.
So what they're saying is we would need a spanner here or here and this and this could be any element
right there showing the span of what we're actually going to be placing one in paragraph right.
And once we're all going to get to numbers this is how we can place them.
So let's go back over here.
This is going to be end of current section.
We're going to start with the numbers section.
So we're going to say numbers section here.
Then we're going to copy and paste the line comping on here.
I'm going to say and of numbers and of numbers section we're here we're going to start with a no title.
Right.
So really is going to say section and this is going to be an ID on him saying Mersch.
And over here we have a actual article that's going to have a class of number on it to go on a class
of number and within the number we're going to have three things.
First of all we're going to have a phantasm and it's all going to say a far let's say 5 user here first
time then we're going to have an actual number scroller.
So we're going to go back over here and we're just going to say not copy all but copy this line here
then I'm going to copy and paste it like I said when you don't need to use it over here.
You can use that as a paragraph.
So here and this is going to be a paragraph.
Right.
So this is going to be our scroller and we can actually test that out if we want.
So we can say this one over here.
And what I would want to do is go back to my recording refresher here.
Right.
And you can see that right now it's hard to see what's the refresh one time and you can see that it's
fast count right now counts really fast here because we have the increment of 10 and the late five right.
We can do all here with data increment one right and let's say we're here we're going to add something
like thousand.
Right.
So every second it's basically counting.
So I'm going to we're going to refresh.
Now I can see that it's one two three.
Right.
And so on and so forth.
So basically the way it works with a number scroller more here if we have it when we have we it says
data mean.
Right.
So this is going to be starting number data Max and number day in an increment increment by the value
range so each time how many numbers it's going and they did delay.
All right total seconds to complete one count.
So basically when I said two thousand nine thousand milliseconds thousand milliseconds is one second.
So pretty much every second right now I have this over here.
All right so you can see how it's counting.
And like I said I'm not going to be.
I showed you how we can actually increment in yourself.
All right.
How you can change the values.
We're not going to be focusing on that.
Was going to leave them all in the same.
Right.
Because what we are interested in actually is fluxbox and read and write and on here all this is going
to say a heading three and Hank 3 is going to say use are right press tab and now we have our first
number and what we want to hear who is going to do like this we're going to copy and paste this.
Let's say three times.
Right.
And we just want to change some values.
So what I'm going to say are here numbers I'm going to use a beautify just so you can see better what's
happening right.
So this is going to be user.
Then the next one is going to be carked plus or here the phantasm.
So I'm going to start over here cart cart here plus here.
And then this is going to say this is going to be downloads downloads here.
Then after that we're going to have a fire extinguisher so fire.
And over here we're going to say X team for sure here.
And then we have an envelope.
So this is going to be let's say emergencies agencies and when we say emergencies that means pretty
much and then we made sure that there were no emergency emergencies that we have covered right now.
We created them or we are all going to say that this is going to be messages messages here and this
one is not going to be used or this is going to be all right.
Once we have them for.
Let's go actually to assess and style the actual numbers.
All right.
So this one is done the actual plug in is also downloaded.
So the last thing left here for that section is going to be actually adding this again we're going to
start with the comment.
I want to say this is going to be a hash tag.
I'm going to say number one get more hash tags here then once we're done with this I'm going to say.
Class of number.
Number over here.
First of all going to have a text align center then it will have a background.
And we're going to have hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9.
Then we're going to have a padding of 40 pixels on this and 0 pixels from the sides or it's on the top
bottom and I have a color and the color isn't going to be hash tag.
E D D E A for red so light or here yellow color and over here we're going to have two things with transition.
When to say a background is going to be another two seconds ease and color.
Two seconds is right so most of them are going to change.
And let's again create more space here like this.
So then we can actually work.
And we are going to say number and we're going to say how we're real to say a grown R G B I'm going
to say one online one or six and seventy nine.
All right so this is going to be background as it were hovering and color is going to be hashtag FFC.
And nine one for more here.
And let's just check it out.
All right.
So if I say this maybe we're going to have to create something in the room again.
But as you can see that's what's happening right as I'm hovering the color and the background is changing.
Then we need to do with a number from and here and we're going to say font size let's say 60 60 pixels
over here and this is going to be big.
Then we're going to have the actual class of I'm scrolling around the actual paragraph.
So I'm going to say now I'm scroller we're here.
We're going to say font size 25 and margin 20 pixels and 0 and then the last thing is going to be heading
3.
So I'm going to say a number number and having three here and we're going to be text transform and we're
going to say Asperger's.
And so now we're going to actually transform to uppercase.
Let's say this.
And it's actually a meteor equerries.
Right.
So how this is going to change once the screen gets bigger basically let's make it responsive.
First thing we're going to start with a 4 x marks.
So I'm going to say media screen and I'm not going to say men with and this is going to be five 576
576 pixels.
And then all here we're going to say is that this is going to be a numbers.
And so hash tag numbers and all here we're all going to say is this play flex here.
I don't we can just say this and maybe go have a look.
What we have right here.
Now we have the flux and now obviously we need to spread them out right.
So here we're going to say is this is going to be a justified contact space between then and we're going
to have a flex wrap.
I'm going to say wrap this.
And again I can just make the size bigger here that we can see better and orient for that number.
As always we're all going to have a simple flux 0 0 0 50 percent nothingness.
So now that we save it if we're going to go back to shouldn't be covering 50 percent.
Now obviously this is going to be for the small screen.
Basically Biggert and 576 whoever we're going to do also do it for a 992.
So again we're going to do very simple here copy and paste this or here and we're going to say Nine-Nine
too right.
And now all this stays the same.
And for the number we just need to change 25 25 percent again to save it.
And we're here to refresh.
All right.
And now it's going to be four of them.
Right exactly like this and you can see how the numbers are counted.
Then after that we need to do it with the grid so Id say forward slash or we're all going to come on
this out forward slash we're going to do it with the grid.
So when to say media screen and note here we're going to do the same thing.
Right.
So men with year five.
So only six pixels.
Then after that what we would want is for the numbers to be on display grid numbers display.
When you say grid here and and grid template columns is going to be one fraction each.
So we're going to say grid template columns and we're going to say one fraction one fraction on it like
this.
Right.
And now again we need to just add another one for the bigger screen.
So we're going to go back or hear men with two and we're here we're going to change a little bit differently.
Can delete this.
And this is going to be a repeat for one fraction I repeat here.
Four and this is going to be one fraction really like this.
And again if we say it if were fresh This should work exactly the same.
And you can see that it doesn't.
Right.
So I made a mistake somewhere.
So let's go back over here and see where I actually made a mistake.
And we're live with the numbers.
It's not a number it's numbers or number and numbers.
So when we say it refresh and sure enough now we have it right.
And honestly if I would actually make this smaller right this is going to be actually two of them.
Now we are ready to move on to next section.